All right.
Just because I love my students and I just couldn't help it.
But guys I'm going to help you actually see some styling into these buttons right here.
All right.
We need to actually apply some some colors here so that we can know exactly what pitch we are right
now we don't know so.
All right if this section here is pagination system does not serve a five star review.
Dan I do not know what does.
All right guys this is awesome stuff right.
Anyway let's go ahead and do this.
So the first thing that we want to do is we want to go to our CSSA right right here in the root directory
right.
Let's go to that CSSA folder and we're going to find this CSSA says blog for Slash.
Well hi friend.
Home.
Yes yes.
All right.
And usually what I recommend is for you guys to create a new style sheet.
And of course you know put it right here on the header.
All right.
So something like like this maybe be well let's do it right here and do something like this.
Style styles osseous.
Let's do it the right way right guys.
And let's do a save us on this home.
Let's call it styles Ducey SS I'm just going to delete this because this is a style that says now and
just because the style she's right below the home that's the SS is going to override it.
All right so everything below overwrites was on top.
That's what's called cascading style sheets because it cascades down the right.
So make sure that it's already linked successfully here.
And we do that by of course coming here and doing page source and clicking on it.
Beautiful.
When this is going on Chrome by the way.
All right so we need to figure out.
And let me just bring this back here how we can apply styles to let's do inspect their on a real quick
and let's find out the style of this.
We could see this pager has a colossal pager and he's targeting the L I and every link inside the arrow.
This is what the greater than symbol means right here every link inside the eye.
All right.
So we're going to do that.
Let's go ahead here to our styles of CSX and we're going to talk to the pager which is a UL.
And we're going to target the eye and we're going to create a class I think is better because then we
target everything else we Targ every link We're going to create a class called active on this cool link.
And I keep doing these parentheses there.
Sorry about that guys.
All right.
Right as well we're going to do is just going to do something simple with the background.
Pound zero zero.
And I'm just going to put in porn just in case here.
This important key word overwrites anything.
All right that is trying to give us some other color.
And I just do that for safety you know for safety issues you know.
Anyway so let's go ahead and actually use this class right here.
Let's go to our that's real quick.
Let's create an if statement here and that when we're going to figure out this is actually the Korean
page right.
Or any page could be the current page but the way we do this is by doing you know what if I we could
be which could be number three or four or five page old timey members getting attached count is equal
to what the virtual page remember.
Page right here.
Right.
This is the this is what's keeping count of everything that's to get requests.
So if it's equal to that get requests then we want to find something into it.
Well that's actually a copy right here of this.
And let's do an else statement here and put this in here because we're going to be doing something right
now.
So I is equal to page which could be the current page wherever the customer is on or the visitors.
Then we going to assign a class to it.
And the class is called you guessed it active on the score link.
Right.
And then if we're not there then we don't want to play anything into it right.
So we've got to leave those links alone.
We save it.
And I think we are golden here right.
I don't think there's nothing else we got to do.
Let's go here and make sure this is there enter and look at this page three page three.
Let's go to page 15 page 15 page 15.
Isn't that cool guys.
All right.
Beautiful right.
So I hope you're happy as I am happy of showing you this information and maybe in the next lecture will
create a little feature in the admin.
If you haven't done so already.
Take care my friends and I see you in the next lecture.
Good job